Update manage-creation-of-groups.md (#10418)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/solutions/manage-creation-of-groups.md

If you're a member of one of these roles, you can create Microsoft 365 Groups for restricted users, and then assign the user as the owner of the group.

> [!NOTE]

> > The Exchange Administrator cannot create from Exchange Admin center unless the user is present as part of the whitelisted users allowed to create group, PFA for more details. [Manage who can create Microsoft 365 Groups](https://nam06.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Flearn.microsoft.com%2Fen-us%2Fmicrosoft-365%2Fsolutions%2Fmanage-creation-of-groups%3Fview%3Do365-worldwide&data=05%7C01%7Canirudhyadav%40microsoft.com%7C26627c6317ca444a550908dad1ea8622%7C72f988bf86f141af91ab2d7cd011db47%7C1%7C0%7C638053102486118691%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=1nckP3%2FcXJcAUWVGoLhaIVVsHC%2FqLB4VIuDhuOEx7Tk%3D&reserved=0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Exchange administrator cannot create Microsoft 365 Groups from the Exchange admin center unless the user is part of the users allowed to create groups. For more details, see [Manage who can create Microsoft 365 Groups](/microsoft-365/solutions/manage-creation-of-groups).
```

> > The Exchange Administrator cannot create from Exchange Admin center unless the user is present as part of the whitelisted users allowed to create group, PFA for more details. [Manage who can create Microsoft 365 Groups](https://nam06.safelinks.protection.outlook.com/?url=https%3A%2F%2Flearn.microsoft.com%2Fen-us%2Fmicrosoft-365%2Fsolutions%2Fmanage-creation-of-groups%3Fview%3Do365-worldwide&data=05%7C01%7Canirudhyadav%40microsoft.com%7C26627c6317ca444a550908dad1ea8622%7C72f988bf86f141af91ab2d7cd011db47%7C1%7C0%7C638053102486118691%7CUnknown%7CTWFpbGZsb3d8eyJWIjoiMC4wLjAwMDAiLCJQIjoiV2luMzIiLCJBTiI6Ik1haWwiLCJXVCI6Mn0%3D%7C3000%7C%7C%7C&sdata=1nckP3%2FcXJcAUWVGoLhaIVVsHC%2FqLB4VIuDhuOEx7Tk%3D&reserved=0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The Exchange administrator cannot create Microsoft 365 Groups from Exchange admin center unless the user is part of the whitelisted users allowed to create groups. For more details, see [Manage who can create Microsoft 365 Groups](/microsoft-365/solutions/manage-creation-of-groups).
```
